so this is going to be a short video a
short video for a shitty session
basically go hand in hand uh
i'm sick uh the fam has been sick for
the last week i thought i was going to
get out unscathed but
that's not happening um chesty
headache you know achy
stiff like crazy when you're inflamed
obviously
um frustration plus plus plus
um you have one good week of training
like really good week you set a pr
then you have a busy schedule with work
you've got like four or five you know
four nights
and then you get sick for a week so one
good week
and two weeks and that's basically
life
uh just as when you think you're gonna
kind of get ahead a little bit
live life grabs you by the balls and
pulls you back
so anyway uh that's basically all for
today i just basically warmed up even
when i'm sick some of you one of you
guys actually asked me a few days ago
what happens when you go when you get
sick well nothing man i just come in
here and i get after it a little bit you
know i warm up that's what i did today i
barely warmed up i guess
obviously pushing through this is silly
because you're going to prolong the
recovery
but i do believe in not staying in bed
when you're sick and moving around
getting some sunlight getting some
oxygen into your
body getting some circulation
is beneficial i truly believe that
unless you're freaking bedridden
you know from severe illness obviously
you know you can't do that but all other
times i think even when you've got fever
you can do something um
but then again it's all up to you and
you know what you think you're gonna get
out of it if you think you're getting
nothing out of it then don't do it
obviously
my opinion is is that the mind is is is
important and if you train your mind to
get
under the bar when you're feeling like
absolute house it's not gonna have
any problem when you're
not feeling is it so you're
kind of um
training for that sense uh but you know
people have different um you know
perceptions on this
views that's fine i still get in here
and do it even though i'm frustrated and
i don't want to do this and
like i said before it feels like
house when you know you're not going to
do anything special you're just freaking
going through the motions everything
feels heavy
100 feels heavy i'm hitting the bar uh
onto the rack
it's just pissed off physically pissed
off mentally
but it is what it is man uh you know
there's a lot of us
out there who go through this obviously
these moments obviously and
uh here's my example of how i deal with
mine um yeah whatever you're sick
but doesn't matter you know still get in
here and do something so your body
always understands that work is going to
happen every single day
but anyway guys there's no point talking
anymore
let's see how long this uh illness has
before alright guys catch you later
peace out